# Lazagne
Hello, my name is David Weldon my project was on atomic red team which is a library of simple tests that every security team can execute to test their controls. Tests are focused, have few dependencies, and are defined in a structured format that can be used by automation frameworks.
 What I did from the atomic red team library was extract browser and system credentials with LaZagne which is an open source application used to retrieve lots of passwords stored on a local computer. Each software stores its passwords using different techniques such as (plaintext, APIs, custom algorithms, databases, etc. First I used wget which is used to download files using HTTP, HTTPS, and FTP protocols and downloaded LaZagne from github which is a platform with code and allows developers to colab with their coding. Then I used the command LS which is used to list files and directories to see if the Lazagne was download properly. Then I used the command cd which allows you to move to a different directory so I used it to go into Lazagne. Then I used the LS command again and gave me the option for Linux,Mac,or windows which are all operating systems so I used the CD command again with Linux following to put me in that directory, and then used the LS command again and there was 3 lazagne programs which where Lazagne, Lazagne.py and lazagne.spec. So I decided to go with lazagne.py because the py at the ending means it’s a file containing code written in python which is a computer programming language used to build website and software. then I used the command python3 lazagne.py -h and then the program came up. I was given options on what modules to use what came up was all,chats,sysadmin,databases,mail,memory,wifi,browers,wallet,git, and unused. These are all modules I can search for passwords, so I did wifi first then no passwords came up it said 0 passwords have been found then I just decided to go with all and guess what Lazagne found 2 passwords from firefox one was from cyberdefenders.org other one was from kali it displayed the url, the login name, and password. Its pretty amazing how easy it is to get a persons credentials with this program, which was orginally made to recover lost passwords but it can be used in the wrong way to steal peoples info

